Snowbridge 5.2.0 (#1830)
snowplow/documentation: docs/destinations/forwarding-events/reference/index.md

event?.contexts_com_acme_user_profile_1?.[0]?.account_created
```

> The field names above pin a schema's major version (the `_1` suffix), so an expression breaks when you start sending a new major version. To access custom events and entities without pinning the version, use the `allUnstruct` and `allContexts` [helper functions](/docs/api-reference/snowbridge/configuration/transformations/custom-scripts/index.md#helper-functions), which match across all schema versions present on the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field names above hardcode a schema's major version (the `_1` suffix), so an expression breaks when you start sending a new major version. To access custom events and entities across all versions, use the `allUnstruct` and `allContexts` [helper functions](/docs/api-reference/snowbridge/configuration/transformations/custom-scripts/index.md#helper-functions).
```

`allUnstruct(event, eventName)` returns the payload of a self-describing event, or `undefined` if it's not present. The `eventName` is the snake_case vendor and name, without the `unstruct_event_` prefix or version suffix:

```javascript

> // Version-pinned access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Version-specific access:
```

event?.unstruct_event_com_acme_signup_1?.signup_method

// Version-agnostic alternative:
allUnstruct(event, "com_acme_signup")?.signup_method
```

`allContexts(event, entityName)` returns an array of all instances of an entity across schema versions, ordered with the highest version first. It returns an empty array if none are present:

```javascript

> // Version-pinned access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Version-specific access:
```
